The owner of Ouyang is under guard
I just found out what happened.
I, the guardian, am to blame
Don't be selfish
Which one of you is in charge?
Get out of here
You are the housekeeper Chen by Mrs. Chen's side, right?
I am Butler Chen.
You closed the hospital
After eating the gall of an ambitious leopard, I don't want to live anymore
You're talking big
Who is the presumptuous Chen family?
The Chen family is in the hospital, you dare to seal it?
Do you know who the Chen family is?
Who are you?
Who do you say I am?
I don't care who the hell you are
Get the hell out of here
Butler Chen, listen to my explanation
Here's the thing.
I don't want to hear your explanation.
My wife is in the hospital
Body of a Thousand Pounds
Precious body
Can you afford it if something goes wrong?
What dog thing?
I'm like a eunuch
What era is it?
Chaos stuff
Tell me again.
Butler Chen